[Music]
so get ready for 20 optical illusions
that confuse the smartest people well
that doesn't seem confusing at all to me
oh I get it anyway take a look around
your eyes focus on something your brain
processes it and you understand what
you're looking at easy peasy
but the optical illusions you're about
to see will prove that your eyes along
with your brain can easily trick you go
ahead and hit that subscribe button and
ring the notification bell to join us on
the bright side today's challenge
consists of 20 optical illusions each
with a question you'll have five seconds
to study the image and figure out the
answer some of them will even give you
some insight into your personality for
example number one what's the first
thing you see in this picture
if the first thing you noticed was a
dog's hat you're most likely a sociable
lively and extroverted person you don't
get easily irritated by others you're
friendly and caring and if you saw two
cats touching tails with a little hard
floating between them you're very
intelligent and a little more on the
introverted side at the same time you're
open-minded and sensitive to how is this
image changing if you look at this
picture for at least five seconds you'll
see that the pattern seems to be moving
clockwise now put it in your peripherals
it'll start rotating faster but the
image is as motionless as it gets number
three are these circles still
[Music]
after having one look at this optical
illusion most people say that the
circles are moving in different
directions
others need a bit more time if you move
your head from side to side you might
even get a little dizzy whoa careful now
of course in reality the circles don't
actually move number four how many
phases are there
most people initially notice a girl in
profile with their head turned toward
the viewers right but if you look more
attentively you'll realize that you're
seeing just one half of her face while
the other is in darkness
number five what's the first thing you
notice in this image if the first thing
that caught your eye was a goblet you're
a reserved and calm person
you don't need external sources of
energy and motivation you're fine in
your own thoughts and world however you
tend to worry about minor details which
can stop you from seeing the picture and
if you saw two people facing each other
you're more extraverted you prefer to
spend time among people which is why
it's so important to surround yourself
with those who support you and bring
positive energy to your life you see the
grand scheme of things and don't get
caught up in the little stuff number six
what do you see in this picture
as soon as you look at this image you'll
be convinced that those pink circles are
dancing on the waves almost like a flag
blowing in the wind but alas this
picture is completely motionless number
seven is it really so obvious as it
seems at first glance most people can't
see anything but two trees leaning
towards each other
well closer and you'll notice a girl
with her back to the viewer number eight
can you read between the lines hopefully
five seconds has been enough for you to
spot the word love written across the
image it is indeed hard to read since
the letters blend so well into the
background
number nine how many people do you see
in this picture you probably immediately
noticed a black silhouette of a man's
profile on the left but what about the
white negative space on the right yep
it's the same man's profile just turned
upside down number ten are these men the
same size
[Music]
almost anybody who looks at this image
will be 100% convinced that the men's
silhouettes are gradually getting bigger
from the bottom to the top however
that's just an optical illusion created
with the help of divergent lines all of
the men are the same exact size number
11 what's happening with this image this
psychedelic blob seems to be moving
forward ready to engulf you especially
when you look at it with your
peripherals but fear not bright ciders
in reality this image is absolutely
still who number 12
are these lines bent do the two red
lines look like they're bowed outward
and the two blue lines inward yep that's
how optical illusions work but believe
it or not these four lines are all
perfectly straight number thirteen is
anything happening to these hypnotic
eyes as you're looking into these
bizarre eyes they seem to be growing
larger and closer you get it by now
right the image doesn't actually move
number fourteen is there something wrong
with this pattern
[Music]
it may seem like the lines that form
this pattern are bowed wavy or bent
edges of the parts that form the pattern
either vertical horizontal or tilted at
a 45-degree angle this means that they
can't create anything but straight lines
number 15 how many objects are in this
picture in this image
an attentive viewer will notice the left
side of a man's head in profile but an
even more attentive person will spot
that a big black rodent of some sort is
acting as the man's hair talk about a
unique hairdo rats number 16 can you see
the bigger picture
at first glance some people immediately
notice a bird's eye view of two
dark-haired girls in white dresses
playing cards on the floor others are
sure that they're staring at a big
creepy skull which image did you see
from the get-go let us know down in the
comments number 17 what's happening in
this picture did you automatically
assume that these butterflies are
arranged in a spiral take a closer look
and you'll realize that they're actually
in five separate circles not a spiral at
all if you stare at this image long
enough these butterflies will even start
flying and rotating utterly magnificent
number 18 what's off about this peacock
[Music]
first of all the outer part of its tail
consists of butterflies and if you focus
on the Peacocks body you'll notice that
it's trippy tail starts pulsing and
becoming larger naturally that's just an
optical illusion of course 19 are these
flower petals still
you know the real answer to that
question by now
no the pedals aren't actually moving but
when you really scan the image they seem
as if they're rotating yep that's just
your eyes and brain playing tricks on
you
how fun and number 20
can you see a sleeping woman in this
picture this one seems impossible right
there's just an old man sleeping
peacefully in his bed
no woman inside here let's add some
color to help you out voila
there's the dark-haired young lady she's
just sleeping on her side and turned
away from the viewer
so which optical illusion did you like
the most
tell us all about it in the comments
below remember to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]